Yes sir.
And I, if I ask you anything, if you think is unfair or the two think is wrong, will you
tell me?
Yes sir.
You feel that I have asked you anything that was wrong or unfair?
Well sir, I didn't like your statement.
I don't think you asked me any questions or nothing.
About the file.
Yes sir.
Now you say you made it very, I say to you, you made it very clear that if, say you're
secretary or somebody else's secretary went down and the file clerk wasn't there or was
ill that day.
It didn't happen to be there.
She could go ahead and get the file.
Right?
And what's the rest?
And your answer is she could do that, yes.
And then I say so in effect the files are available to every member of the committee
on the certain circumstances and you say that is correct.
Yes sir.
And then I say do you know what's clear and each of your staff members has?
That is each investigator keeps clericals, the naga for file work and so forth, right?
Yes sir.
And you say yes sir.
Right.
And then I say what are those clearances?
Let me put it to you this way.
Have they all got clearances from the Department of Defense?
And if so on what basis?
You say they have clearances varying degrees of clearances.
One of them has top secret clearance on a need to know basis which has never been retracted.
Generally they all have clearances up to and including secrets.
Right?
Yes.
And then I say let's say you say one staff member has top secret clearance.
Oh yes sir.
And then you say I was told that one staff member was given top secret clearance.
I don't know that it was ever rescinded.
Right?
And then I say all the others from the Department of Defense have secret clearance.
Third through secret.
Third through secret is that right?
Yes sir.
And you say the other person is through secret yet.
And then I say it on all or two of this.
And it really would not make any difference whether one had top secret and all the rest had secret.
Or one had secret and all the rest had top secret.
Then they all had access to the file.
Isn't that right?
Yes sir.
And usually I would say that it wouldn't make a great deal of difference whether it was secret or top secret.
No sir that's correct.
Yes sir.
Now.
Oh I haven't got this morning testimony but as I understood this testimony that you gained this morning.
That's why that all information with respect to parenthesis that you had an executive director of the staff.
You will see from Santa MacArthur is that correct?
I think that's correct.
I'm sorry I haven't got it.
Anybody got the morning testimony here?
Jim and you guys?
I think it's one.
I think I can find it if you have a copy.
Now if I may read it one day six seven oh one.
That I'm a copy.
Mr. Car I think yesterday you mentioned.
Then we received F.V.I. report to Casey.
From the answer I got about that there might have been a ceiling that you had received the F.V.I. report.
Then he F.V.I. report from directly to me.
Is that right?
I read that correctly.
And you say yes it's right.
And then tell him the copy says in any case secret top secret confidential.
When come to you and you would only learn about that by hearing about it from me.
Is that right?
And you say yes sir that is right.
Have I read that correctly?
Yes sir.
Now my last question.
On the question of who has parents from the Army or the Department of Defense on your staff.
Does that also come from Senator Barney in addition to F.V.I. clearance?
No.
I think that some of the letters from the Army come directly to me.
I said that I thought you would say yes.
I think that I think that I can say yes.
I have to check that.
That's my last question.
I wanted you to recollect that.
That's what I can do.
But at least some of the letters may come to me from the Army to the First of all.
Some of the letters may come to you.
Yes.
Well with respect to those staff members who have parents from the Department of Defense.
Right.
Thank you.
When you be good enough to send them anywhere to put in a record.
I told them it's a challenge to be the way to do it.
To one that has the rest of you know about.
Yes sir.
Father Smith.
Thank you.
How many of you think you can do that?
Who one do you want it?
Should we have it by today tomorrow and then?
I think that's all right together.
I'm sure.
Thank you very much.
Any other questions from the Secretary?
Mr. Conn, I think I should.
Mr. Chairman.
I think that's what I'm going to tell you is the point of information that's under time and mass.
But how are any information coming from the FBI?
I come as a personal confidential letter before I get to make a request.
I recognize on the basis of testimony that you gave yesterday.
I was not talking about the FBI files.
I made a letter to talk about them.
I might ask you what your position is on them.
What I was talking about, Mr. Conn, what I was trying to find is the statement of yesterday that you made
really FBI files.
So I'm going to talk about the defense and any other agencies.
We do this under some of the information that will be available.
I would like to make sure it doesn't request a lie.
And we'll take that up for the U of the U of the U term before we speak tomorrow morning.
I think that you are too angry in any way to get the information whenever it's in the world.
I'm sure you're together.
Thank you.
And I'll tell you that I got the information out.
I'm trying to look at one very great but,
matter of course, Mr. Turner, Mr. Walsh has been referring to a memorandum.
I, uh, nobody was in any circumstances.
I'm attempting to see that jury.
But from the present last meeting, the parts of the memorandum out,
it's not as possible that those listening might wonder about this memorandum of the bus.
I'm going to read it to you.
And if I don't read the structure,
would you tell me this is the memorandum of December 21,
18, 153, that's the one that Mr. Walsh was trusting you on.
Two circumstances from Frank's car following my conversations on last Thursday in New York.
Frank's had not passed the subject meeting.
I've not told the one day of Steyne's time or service.
Except the necessary for the committee work.
We stopped there and said,
I have to, you know, this was my request.
If you make sure that there was no interference with Mr. Shines.
Uh, Shines of rights.
Yes.
In continuing as you know,
he left the committee about our subject in the beginning of this portion,
the investigation, he had on a great deal of work
on that from his defense establishment, the state involving Jeanne.
I agree that contact to him to be kept at the minimum
so far as I've been able to ask for a hand, there's no incident.
There's no incident for you at the midst of the training because of the many work.
I have one other half here,
I had a fair deploy work for a less one of the circumstances that he could not.
As you know, I have a many of the changes and pretty correct of the day
about the prompts to mention the memorandum.
However, in a current situation due of the change of plans,
I cannot criticize him.
I think he should also know that during the past month,
since we had been closely associated with Jeanne Adams,
I have a number of locations talked to him on the subject of Dave Shines.
In all instances, I can remember the topic either came as a conversation as a result.
As a natural result, some of our subjects were discussing
our Adam and the facetious plans made some statements concerning the full postage
of the dinner party.
I've always taken a position where I personally have no particular interest
in Dave Shines through Dave Shines Army career.
However, I have upon all of the locations he has been discussed,
taken a position that although he deserves no special consideration,
he certainly should not be penalized because of the former action of the committee.
I remember these locations I have stated that with my opinion,
the training was getting assignment, which he was qualifying,
and which he could actually use for the Army in an industrial position.
I have never heard of it.
I have never heard of it suggested that there is a assignment of the other one,
which he is entitled to by all Army standards of their play.
So every day, the Minister of Justice, in case there's any misunderstanding
about this memorandum, then I expect that he's that, is that the entire memorandum?
Yes, sir.
Who voted first?
I told you I had done this.
Mr. Carr, I had given you the impression that any unfairness in my examination
in respect of this memorandum.
No, sir.
Thank you.
Now, looking at the second power path of this same memorandum of December 31, 1963,
I noticed the words, I agreed that Comtack with him should be kept at a minimum.
With whom were you so agreed?
What's on him, MacArthur?
You and he had talked about that matter, is that right?
Yes, sir.
And you and he had reached the new movement, but Comtack with shines should be kept at a minimum.
Well, you say, reaching the agreement, I agreed with him at this point of memorandum.
Well, you agreed with each other.
Yes.
No.
Roll to the next to the last power path, if you will, and let me make you a senator just red.
I think you should also know that during the past month,
since we have been closely associated with John Adams,
I have on numerous occasions talked to him on the subject of Dave's time.
There is no doubt about the accuracy of that statement, is that I have just read it,
you and Mr. Carr.
No, sir.
You and Adams talk on numerous occasions about Dave's time.
Right, sir.
There's one such occasion on the train ride from North to Washington?
Ah, yes, sir.
In all instances, I have read it again.
In all instances that I can remember, the topic you became into the conversation
was the natural result of some other subdued-able discussions.
All Adams in a prestigious way made some statements concerning the hospice.
Is it true that Adams would make statements concerning the hospice to you
with a prestigious way?
Yes, sir.
They couldn't have scared you then, could they?
No, sir.
They couldn't have brought me up, didn't they?
They couldn't have been ordered to hang in gangling small favors in front of you for Dave.
They couldn't.
And once again, you'd say in the next sentence,
I have always taken the position that I personally have no particular or
discrimination on each of the layers.
That's the second time it is that I'm in order that you say that, isn't it?
No, I think so.
It's right.
We talked about running the radio about a while ago.
Was there someone on the committee?
Whose tradition was somewhat different from yours?
No, sir.
You don't happen to say everyone on the committee has always taken the position
that we have no orders today, did I?
I'm doing it.
No, I...
I should have...
All the unions when you mention this, you say I personally have no orders today, did I?
That's correct.
Now when you look at the memorandum of January 9, 1954,
and think it's short and since the cemetery,
read one on which I had his am, I will read it to you.
It's headed to Contra Damper for one thing.
It's dated January 9, 1954, and it's commuter-roy-could, is that right?
Yes.
It's a month again with the case of a disaster.
I called on Adam about the questions of the inserts from the annual report
where he's changed the Miami security program.
Also, I also told him he was trying to receive about days...
not being free from any help with the report.
He was at the Amherst Mall, said he was slow-bound,
and that he couldn't do a thing about it from Massachusetts.
I'm sure that he doesn't want to do anything,
but I told him he was tall.
I think he was up to it.
It is obvious that he doesn't want the part about army last of these
in the report, so don't expect days to get off to help.
Was that a memorandum dictated to inform or to record something?
Record something.
Everything that's covered in it has been discussed by you
and calling on the telephone, had it not?
Yes, sir.
And indeed, you had talked to Mr. Cohn before you dictated the memorandum,
and he suggested that you make it, is that right?
Yes, sir.
Now then, in the memorandum, strike that out.
Incidentally, under those circumstances,
it would have been sensible to have directed the memorandum
to the file.
As you did, number 11, would it not?
It might have been yesterday.
Much more sensible, wasn't it?
Perhaps, because it wasn't anything you were telling
you were telling, calling that he didn't know.
That might have been fair.
Now, you say in this memorandum,
I am sure he doesn't want to do anything,
but I told him you would call.
When you dictated that, Cohn had already called,
hadn't he?
Yes, sir.
And the next one, I think he will duck you.
Had him said it already, Dr. Inhadid.
Yes, sir.
And the next one, it is obvious that he doesn't want
the part about anti-raccy in the report.
So don't expect days to get off to help.
You've already told Cohn the day he wasn't going to get off to help.
Yes, sir.
And you take the services of us to Margot for the send you make,
memorandum up and move on.
And say, so don't expect days to get off to help.
Yes.
Incentive, please.
What day of the week was January 9th, on, if you recall?
I think it was Saturday.
Isn't that the Saturday, whether this man took a monitor call
which has been introduced here in evidence?
Yes, sir.
Not in part of the call.
Part of the call, and the call that you made it.
Adam, in Amherst, this is Justice.
What time of day did you dictate this memorandum that I have just read
with his number eighties?
Sometime that afternoon.
And this is then, was in your office.
I think she was.
And if just taken, I assume I have recently taken that monitor call.
Yes, sir.
No, but the rest.
You found it necessary to climb three flights of stairs
to dictate this to Mrs. Vistula.
Is that right?
No.
No, sir.
Well, did you take the elevator?
Yes, sir.
To the elevator.
Is that right, sir?
Yes, sir.
And had to go up to her room to dictate this memorandum,
when the wrong secretary was sitting right beside you,
was that right?
Yes, sir.
I'm afraid, Mr. Welch, you will be shocked that when you learned
that I believe it was on the same Saturday that
particularly the entire staff was working in connection with one
of the officers, so that I don't mean this, sir.
Men was there, but there was several others there.
And you were busy as they can, too?
Yes, sir.
And didn't have much time to ride up and down the elevator.
No, sir.
And you certainly could have saved some time
in dictating this memorandum.
If you just said this is them,
take a memorandum from me to go.
Ah, yes, sir.
And at the time you did it.
You didn't know Mrs. Vistula was running this file, did you?
I don't think so much.
You just didn't know that at all.
I don't think so.
That's right.
Now I may I move on to the number 10 of January 15th.
Well, that's a very hard one.
May I read it to you, sir?
Maybe the Senate January 15th, 1954,
is from you to Senator McCarthy.
Is that right?
Yes, sir.
And it's short.
Maybe one of these days you should speak to John Adams
in a friendly way.
I've tried.
He is living all the pretty much lately on the hostage situation.
They get pretty.
He did before a roared by the lunch.
But it's going to lead to trouble.
That's all of this to the memorandum, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
And that was dictated to Mrs. Vistula.
Well, sorry, call a memorandum.
It wasn't.
You've already told me it was.
It's dictated to her.
No, now they want to change it, sir?
No, sir, I'm not changing.
I would, sir.
I think the testimony will be on me out.
I don't think I said that I dictated it.
I think it did say it.
It will say that, sir, but change it if you'd like.
Ah, no.
Well, if it doesn't say it, then I'm not changing it.
Yes, all right, sir.
The actual practice, as I recall, and this is probably
the only memorandum that I recall too much in my life,
is the test of what the witness is testified to.
Can I think of fairness to the witness that Mr.
Rouse should read the testimony to him?
We haven't got it.
I think the witness is okay to you about now.
You can get it.
Go ahead.
I'm going to be wrong in getting my recollection
that you said you dictated it.
Well, it is, it isn't.
It isn't important point on that.
It isn't important on that.
I can tell you what happened if you want me to.
Well, what I'd like to know is whether or not you dictated
if you visit the dresser.
Well, it's just now.
Can you tell me, yes or no?
I can tell you.
No.
Now?
To whom did you dictate it?
Well, you say that we're getting technical.
I don't know where I didn't get it.
I know where I was.
I'm a little troubled.
If you're suggesting that I'm a witness,
answer the questioner.
The words can't be so dangerous.
It's only because of the law.
So whether you dictated it,
if you want them,
they have to answer the question.
That's right.
That's a standard.
It wasn't dictated in the dresser.
No, it wasn't.
Was it dictated to anyone?
No, sir.
I can print this out very easily.
Well, I saw where I got it.
I'm so clumsy, but I'll probably finally get there.
It was dictated to no one.
Is that right?
We'll see what the answer is.
Yes, he can answer.
All right, sir.
It was dictated to no one.
And the answer then is that you scribbled it out.
Is that right?
That's right.
And handed it to you.
Mr. Schultz.
To Mr. Schultz, to tight.
Yes.
On that note, we've been talking about...
That's why I tried to get around with this.
Yes.
Well, now I'm suggesting to you that this is just good.
It's not tight, but do you see anything about the number
and the indicates that to you?
That's...
Let me just say it's a bit tight, but it's not tight.
No, I think it's not tight.
That's to get it.
Mr. Chairman.
So, did you find the right?
Yes.
Mr. Woltz, I said I am suggesting that Mr. Schultz
did not place this.
Mr. Schultz, on the fan, she saw that she did.
The administerer at Woltz wants to make any suggestions
that she's not tight.
Then Mr. Woltz should take the oath and...
What information?
I don't even think it might correct you, Mr. Woltz,
but it won't move me.
Mr. Woltz, I'm being awfully...
Especially in the U.N.
If you have any information, this is...
This role.
So, not telling the truth.
Then you should be willing to do what I have done,
but Mr. Carr is doing what Mr. Cullen has done,
but my assistant public intelligence has done.
Take the oath and give us information.
I will give you very important information
if you have such information.
I have not been to else.
And let me say, you see there, you see there are power dyes
coming for the Mr. Dosto, our take the oath
and tell us what information is made
and who it under oath, the way that Woltz has done.
I will tell you in the next question.
This memorandum is one of the last.
P-Cars, does not it appear right in front of you?
It's from Francis P-Cars, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
She never calls with Francis in her life, does she?
Well, sometimes she calls me Mr. Carr.
Yes, but you told me at the beginning of your...
examination that she calls you Frank.
Yes, sir.
And he never calls you Frank.
He usually calls me Frank at the...
Now I shall name all others Francis P-Cars.
I understand that, sir.
But you are known in the office as Frank Carr, aren't you?
Yes, sir.
And every other memorandum that she calls you Frank Carr.
And he addresses you.
You, you, Malibu sir?
Yes, sir.
You, my wife?
Yes, I am a very important personal privilege
for my staffs, as myself.
Very many memorandum in my office.
From Francis P-Cars, from Francis P-Cars, from Frank Carr,
to Mr. Carr, and it's Mr. Welts,
once the driver of Q's, a young lady,
because she says Francis will fit a prank.
A lying understand and could take that fanding cell.
But, well, it just isn't honest.
You just sit there and it's Q's.
This young lady, I'm not going to shoot,
because she writes Francis will fit a prank.
Excuse me, Mr. Welts.
Now I call your attention to accept the memorandum number 11.
When you look at that, sir.
Yes, that's the last one in the state of March of February 1954.
Yes, sir.
And when that you excuse these words about the middle of it,
referring to a telephone call from Senator McCarthy
to a Mr. Seeking.
You say Senator McCarthy advised Mr. Seeking
that the writer was searching the files for memorandum
dictated concerning signs.
You notice the word FI-L-E-S files?
Yes, sir.
What files did you first search?
I didn't search any files.
When you say in memorandum that you heard Senator McCarthy
tell Seeking that you were searching files.
Us, director.
And it is not true that you were searching files.
The memorandum says that Senator McCarthy told Mr. Seeking
that the writer, that's me, will be searching the files
for memorandum.
Right.
Now my question is, is that true that you were searching FI-L-E-S?
Senator McCarthy told him that I was searching the files.
Senator McCarthy is correct.
In his statement, I'm correct in mind.
Senator McCarthy told me to search the files.
I told the Army came.
I asked somebody else to search.
Yes?
And what files did you have search?
Frankly, I don't know.
I asked Mary.
Why did you make files?
Did you know?
No.
Did Senator spy on?
No, I asked Mary Gusko if she would check to see if she had
any of them in the random that had been dictated to us.
And she came up with this memorandum that is exhibit number
31.
Yes.
And it's existence I take it.
Was they glad to find it to you?
No, sure.
Wasn't it surprised me?
Were we going to be glad?
To find it?
No, sir.
I don't have any excuse.
I didn't see it happen around somewhere.
You didn't know.
You kept the search.
No, sir.
But it doesn't tell you.
When you came to talk to see it about the memorandum,
all of a sudden, they all appeared, bound together
as I now have them in my hand.
Is that right?
Ah, well, I don't know where.
I don't know where they all of a sudden appeared that way.
Well, we're bound together when you saw them.
When I saw them, yes.
They were just as I hold them here.
I think so, sir.
And have this just handed them to you before you
dictated this memorandum?
I'll ask you it.
I really don't know.
You don't know?
No.
This is a record memorandum.
I didn't miss a chance in that though.
Mr. Sincer, you can go to the witness room.
Yes.
And the other session, there was this before asking
me to step down the car, and I said,
that's just one question.
And I'm looking.
You can figure out, you know, anything
that has ever done, my name is Takone,
I need help from the staff, for the new proper nature,
for you can get any special consideration
from it to shine or anyone else,
with the new authoring.
No, sir, I know another proper act.
No, sir.
One question.
Uh-huh.
And the record is a question far from the references
that made to the part of the sign drop,
the carrying, and then you got out now,
what it meant by the sign has terminated
against services, but it's up to me,
or it's up to me, or it's up to me,
or it's up to me, or it's up to me, or it's up to me.
No, he's no longer with the subcommittee.
Terminated.
It's up to me.
Yes.
I'll put you in that very footage,
and then the patient against using the station area,
if the committee is going to be on it,
if the facility is with the subcommittee.
Yes.
Any other questions, Mr. Sincer?
Just one last one.
It's a private sign, completed last work,
so we have a full record for the committee.
And I think it was the writing of the
preparations of the report.
One preparation of the report?
What date was that?
The last report I think went to the frontiers
of the 19th of January, it's some summer in the States.
And with some time prior to that, that he completed all
of his work for the committee.
That's five I know, so yes.
I will try to make that sound.
It's called the next report.
This is my next time.
Come.
Right here.
Mr. Cone, your repeat is a bit swarring,
and I so can't find my notes, you might be mad.
Just sign in the column, just imagine, like that.
Sure.
Where I should have found some of those going to the room.
There I get the look, the letters, I've been assigned
for the last report.
Yes.
Now, I'm trying to get in that way.
I have to put a little encouragement in the
committee to the purposes of identifying the documents
that they sign in the column under asking some questions
about these documents.
You may be surprised.
Mr. Cone, I addressed myself, too.
Certain documents, or a member and a, which you've already been
referred to, can I help hold up which?
I don't think you should go there tonight.
I don't know.
You can go and add me to the next report.
I'll tell you later, I'll be there.
Okay.
We got that Jenkins operator that you know what you need.
Call him.
One must go, I really get to the resignation.
That's returned to us.
Just call my address myself, too.
Certain member and, which you've already been referred to,
or a rep who's any of the rest of Mr. Shine.